tato presents the story of Kiwi craze or
New Zealand story if you prefer the
story of a Kiwi up to rescue his
brethren from an evil walrus like thing
that stole them away from where they
lived yeah yeah don't worry it makes
perfect sense seriously and there's an
enemy you'll be facing craziness alright
let's do this starting out Gazoo with a
thing already interned by the horrible
walrus guy yeah we'll just blame him for
everything ours households were here
shoot these guys that cane right there
makes you invincible we on you can touch
these enemies brought of the nuts
shooting they're not going to kill you
and there we go we've accomplished the
impossible we have rescued a Kiwi the
game is oh oh wait no it's not if only
it was that easy but its not so yeah I
jumped into those guys and I was nice
and safe and here we go we this is not
the Kiwi flies he uses this weird
balloon-like thing makes sense to me
damn it tho those frogs are dangerous
they shoot stuff out and it flies in all
directions we don't need to worry about
that for we have rescued another Kiwi
sweet I know oh let's go for a ride but
unfortunately we got a an earthquake
book there which does bad things for us
so let's try this again shall we oh
those are spikes right there right there
those are spikes don't want to fly into
those
oh yes you got to be careful when you're
flying the unfriendly skies because they
can shoot your mount out from underneath
you so we'll just keep flying away and
ignore them because that's just how this
Kiwi likes to swim yes you can swim I
like we has a snorkel even though a
snorkel is doing you no good underwater
way to go Kiwi but enough of this jibber
jabber fooling around you can shoot me
sucker haha we have done it we are now
on to one for you are too excited oh
there's some flame ease the flame guys
can replicate themselves which can
create for some very hairy moments if
you don't if you don't kill them and
you'll have to pass through the area
they're in oh it creates some problems
whoa whoa no whoa that was close those
blue guys can throw boomerangs sideways
and that can throw Spears upwards I can
be a real pain in the ass alright and
we're at a boss it's mr. partially put
together whale I don't actually know the
name so let's go by name my name we're
gonna call him super glue I don't eat me
mr. super glue oh this is gonna be tough
I don't know if we're gonna make it he's
trying to drool on us with acid and some
of you may be saying this looks familiar
what game could this possibly be ripping
off and the answer would be nothing
Yoshi's Island ripped it off that's
right but I think that's a great place
to stop